Hey guys welcome back.
So in this video what we want to look at is the layout page and the reason on the layout page is beneficials
because then we can reuse a lot of our code so we don't have to redefine all this code that's in the
head.
And you know the closing body aged him and things like that so we're going to do is use a layout page
and that's going to have all the common code inside of it and then we're going to have pages that will
derive and use that layout page to just inject you know pieces into certain areas of the layout.
So let's go out and look into how we're going to do that.
So by convention there's usually a shared folder inside of the views folder that we're going to go out
and create.
Right now we're going to call this shared and then inside of the shared Let's go out and say and new
item and go to the Web and we're going to select raise or lay out and just go out and have the default
layout underscore layout that's fine.
So now that we've added it we have this layout and you can see that there's this rendered body so that's
how do we go ahead and we get our home page to use that layout page.
So in order to use the layout page you can see if we go to our normal home index page that the layout
is no so it's just a string that it's expecting if you hover over it you can see that it's expecting
a string.
So we just just had to give it the string which is the location of where it can be found in the project.
We're going to use the Tildy here so that that is the root directory.
Look inside the views inside the shed.
And then the name of our layout file which is layouts DSHEA HTML and that should be that.
All right.
So that's our string and now that we're using that if it doesn't find it a visual studio doesn't find
it you should end up getting an error message there but now that we have this layout page we don't have
to have all of this.
Tim L stuff this content right here is going to be injected into the body of the layout page by default
this rendered body right here.
So let's go out and run it and take a look.
So pulling it up in the browser there it is.
You can see Chris is great and it's the same exact.